- [Narrator] Now that we've modified our code
to add connection and send capabilities,
we can test those capabilities and view any messages
sent to our ActiveMQ instance.
First, open up our terminal window,
navigate to the directory again
where our patchy ActiveMQ instance resides,
and then drill down to the bin directory.
I'm already there.
Type in dot slash ActiveMQ, start.
I'm going to open up the web console in the browser
and verify that it's running.
Click on the queue's link to verify that no queue exists
or messages, for that matter.
So now, I can go back to our IDE
and run the application we worked on from the last session.
We've already built the app previously,
but if you didn't, in the terminal window
run great old clean build.
Let's run the app though.
Type java dash jar build.
Libs, and this should be the only application here,
so if you hit tab, then hit enter.
It will run pretty quickly.
Let's switch back over the ActiveMQ web console
in the browser and see if any messages were created.
Eureka!
We have not only a message queue created automatically,
but we also have a message.
Let's click on the queue created.
Order queue and see what we have.
As you can see, there's one message listed
with some details on the message ID column
that pertain to the machine.
Click on the message and let's see what's inside.
So, this screen gives us some more details
on the JMS message header information
as well as the actual message.
Alright, we've started up ActiveMQ instance
and ran our app and now we see not only
that the message queue was created automatically,
but it has a message.